12/8/17:
  This week i started the process of installing, and learning how to code with LibGDX in android studio. 
  When i was creating a new project with LibGDX, i was have a problem with it unsucessfully generating the new project. To fix this         problem, i had to go to the LibGDX website and downloadthe newest version of LibGDX. Once this was done, i was able to sucessfully         generate the new project. Problems that i face everyday isthat the new project had a numerous amount of new libraries that i have yet to   get familiar with, which is a constant struggle. Im hoping to soon be able to start implementing what i am learning into my own project,   but the learning curve has been very steep.
 
12/15/17:
  This week i learned a lot about the functionality of many things inside LibGDX. I spent a majority of time in class and about 2 and a half hours outside of class trying to find a way to set the tiles that are currently in a 3D state into a 2D state. I spent part of that time on various websites looking for answers and the rest looking at youtube videos for it. I am worried that there is just no 2D functionality within LibGDX. If that is true, then i am going to have to find either a new game or a new program to build my project in. I spent the rest of the time in class working on the functionality of Level Loading and sprites. I was having a bug with the sprites in which they would overlap eachother on the same tile. To fix this, i made it so that whenever a sprite was place on a certain tile, that specific tile would be removed from the array to a "Used Tile" array. Which they could then be put back whenever the sprite is no longer on the tile.

1/1/18:
  Over christmas break, i have been working a lot on trying to get the function of being able to select a sprite and switch them on the board. I have worked on trying to get this feature functionally for about 5 hours total over the break. What i am struggling with is is having this board and sprites to be equally proportional so that when you click the sprite, it isn't registered as something else on the board. I have also been trying to deal with a bug in the game in which when you first build the application, only the background shows up. The only thing that has fixed this is turning off the device and turning it back on. I am hoping to get the slecting and switching sprites feature to worl before my final meeting with Mr. Linburg.
